clarifies security requirements wording for 3.1.1 (#4123)
OAI/OpenAPI-Specification: versions/3.1.1.md

Lists the required security schemes to execute this operation.
The name used for each property MUST correspond to a security scheme declared in the [Security Schemes](#security-scheme-object) under the [Components Object](#components-object).

A Security Requirement Object MAY refer to multiple security schemes in which case all schemes MUST be satisfied for a request to be authorized.
This enables support for scenarios where multiple query parameters or HTTP headers are required to convey security information.

> When the security field is defined on the [OpenAPI Object](#openapi-object) or [Operation Object](#operation-object) and contains multiple Security Requirement Objects, only one of the entries in the list needs to be satisfied to authorize the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `security` field is defined on the [OpenAPI Object](#openapi-object) or [Operation Object](#operation-object) and contains multiple Security Requirement Objects, only one of the entries in the list needs to be satisfied to authorize the request.
```

> This enables support for scenarios where the API supports alternative security schemes, or when they are optional.

Reviewer 2: I might say
```suggestion
This enables support for scenarios where the API allows multiple, independent security schemes.

An empty Security Requirement Object (`{}`) indicates anonymous access is supported.
```
